1.The main difference between css flex box layout model and css grid layout model:
  > css flexbox layout model:
    ..The CSS Flexbox offers a one-dimensional layout. It is helpful in allocating and aligning
      the space among items in a container.
    ..To get started with flexbox we need to define display : flex ; in style.
    ..It is the display property having much more capability as compare to other display property
      which makes developers works easy.
    ..It works in one directon, only we decide in which direction display flex will work. 
    ..flex-dirextion : row ; -> display flex works in horizontal direction(by default) .
      flex-dirextion : coloumn ; -> display flex works in vertical direction .
    ..flex majorly works in 2 axis main axis and  cross axis.
    ..for main axis we use justify-content, and  for main axis we use align-items property.
    ..flexbox supports content first.

    css grid layout model:
    ..CSS Grid Layout, is a two-dimensional grid-based layout system with rows and columns, making 
      it easier to design web pages without having to use floats and positioning. Like tables, grid 
      layout allow us to align elements into columns and rows.
    ..To get started with grid we need to define display : grid ; in style.
    ..flexbox supports layout first.
    
    the main difference between flex and grid:
    ..Grid is made for a two-dimensional layout while Flexbox is for one. This means Flexbox can work 
      on either row or columns at a time, but Grids can work on both.
    ..Flexbox gives us more flexibility while working on either row or column.
    ..Grid gives us more flexibility irrrespective of row and coloumn.

    when would we choose to use one over other:
    flexbox:
    ..Flexbox is used when we have a small layout to design, and have few rows or a few columns.
    ..lexbox is the ideal layout system to create web pages if we don’t know exactly how our
      content is going to look, so if we want everything just to fit in box, Flexbox is perfect choice.
    grid:
    ..we use grid when we have more complex design to use.
    .. When we already have our layout design structure, it’s easier to build with CSS Grid, and the 
       two-dimensional layout . it helps us a lot because we are able to use rows and columns together,
       and position the elements the way we want.
    